com/example/triviaapp/databinding/ItemSummaryBinding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.ItemSummaryBinding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/ActivitySummaryBinding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.ActivitySummaryBinding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/FragmentGame2Binding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.FragmentGame2Binding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/FragmentUserBinding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.FragmentUserBinding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/FragmentGame1Binding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.FragmentGame1Binding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/ItemOptionBinding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.ItemOptionBinding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/ActivityHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.ActivityHistoryBinding
com/example/triviaapp/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.triviaapp.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/triviaapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.triviaapp.BuildConfig
com/example/triviaapp/di/FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment2.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment2
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment2$GameFragment2Subcomponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment2$GameFragment2Subcomponent$Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ViewModelFactory_Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ActivityBindingModule_MainActivity.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_MainActivity
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_MainActivity$MainActivitySubcomponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_MainActivity$MainActivitySubcomponent$Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/FragmentBindingModule_UserFragment.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_UserFragment
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_UserFragment$UserNameFragmentSubcomponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_UserFragment$UserNameFragmentSubcomponent$Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/RepositoryModule_ProvidesDatabaseRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.RepositoryModule_ProvidesDatabaseRepositoryFactory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ActivityBindingModule_SplashActivity.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_SplashActivity
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_SplashActivity$SplashActivitySubcomponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_SplashActivity$SplashActivitySubcomponent$Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ContextModule_ProvideApplication$trivia_1_0_debugFactory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ContextModule_ProvideApplication$trivia_1_0_debugFactory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ActivityBindingModule_HistoryActivity.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_HistoryActivity
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_HistoryActivity$HistoryActivitySubcomponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_HistoryActivity$HistoryActivitySubcomponent$Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ErrorModule_ProvidesErrorHandler$trivia_1_0_debugFactory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ErrorModule_ProvidesErrorHandler$trivia_1_0_debugFactory
com/example/triviaapp/base/BaseFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.triviaapp.base.BaseFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/triviaapp/ui/viewmodel/SummaryViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.ui.viewmodel.SummaryViewModel_Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/AppModule_ProvideUserDaoFactory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.AppModule_ProvideUserDaoFactory
com/example/triviaapp/ui/viewmodel/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.ui.viewmodel.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ContextModule_ProvideContext$trivia_1_0_debugFactory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ContextModule_ProvideContext$trivia_1_0_debugFactory
com/example/triviaapp/di/AppModule_ProvideAppDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.AppModule_ProvideAppDatabaseFactory
com/example/triviaapp/base/BaseActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.triviaapp.base.BaseActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/triviaapp/room/DatabaseBuilder_Factory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.room.DatabaseBuilder_Factory
com/example/triviaapp/room/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.triviaapp.room.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.triviaapp.room.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/triviaapp/di/DaggerAppComponent.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$1
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$2
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$3
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$4
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$5
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$6
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$7
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$Builder
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$GameFragment1SubcomponentFactory
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$GameFragment1SubcomponentImpl
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$GameFragment2SubcomponentFactory
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$GameFragment2SubcomponentImpl
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$HistoryActivitySubcomponentFactory
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$HistoryActivitySubcomponentImpl
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$MainActivitySubcomponentFactory
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$MainActivitySubcomponentImpl
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$SplashActivitySubcomponentFactory
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$SplashActivitySubcomponentImpl
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$SummaryActivitySubcomponentFactory
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$SummaryActivitySubcomponentImpl
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$UserNameFragmentSubcomponentFactory
 com.example.triviaapp.di.DaggerAppComponent$UserNameFragmentSubcomponentImpl
com/example/triviaapp/repo/DatabaseRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.repo.DatabaseRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment1.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment1
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment1$GameFragment1Subcomponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.FragmentBindingModule_GameFragment1$GameFragment1Subcomponent$Factory
com/example/triviaapp/room/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$10
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$2
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$3
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$4
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$5
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$6
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$7
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$8
 com.example.triviaapp.room.UserDao_Impl$9
com/example/triviaapp/di/ErrorHandlerImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ErrorHandlerImpl_Factory
com/example/triviaapp/di/ActivityBindingModule_SummaryActivity.java
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_SummaryActivity
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_SummaryActivity$SummaryActivitySubcomponent
 com.example.triviaapp.di.ActivityBindingModule_SummaryActivity$SummaryActivitySubcomponent$Factory
com/example/triviaapp/base/DaggerBaseActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.triviaapp.base.DaggerBaseActivity_MembersInjector
